update alt text description (#78)
adaptlearning/adapt-contrib-graphic: README.md

**\_graphic** (object): The image that constitutes the component. It contains values for **alt**, **large**, and **small**.

> >**alt** (string): The alternative text for this image. Assign [alt text](https://github.com/adaptlearning/adapt_framework/wiki/Providing-good-alt-text) to images that convey course content only.

Author: @moloko, should this be updated as per your schema suggestion? https://github.com/adaptlearning/adapt-contrib-graphic/blob/9dc9eb765cbc630fbc2cb7c735bf0edac39376ac/properties.schema#L45

Reviewer: yes, why not (I focussed more on the schema help text since it didn't include the link)

Author: I'll leave as is. The link gives context as you've pointed out.

>**large** (string): File name (including path) of the image used with large device width. Path should be relative to the *src* folder (e.g., *course/en/images/origami-menu-two.jpg*).  

>**small** (string): File name (including path) of the image used with small device width. Path should be relative to the *src* folder (e.g., *course/en/images/origami-menu-two.jpg*).  

>**attribution** (string): Optional text to be displayed as an [attribution](https://wiki.creativecommons.org/Best_practices_for_attribution). By default it is displayed below the image. Adjust positioning by modifying CSS. Text can contain HTML tags, e.g., `Copyright © 2015 by <b>Lukasz 'Severiaan' Grela</b>`  

## Accessibility  

> + If the alt text is left empty, the image will *not* be included in the tab order. If the component is configured to display [title or body text]((https://github.com/adaptlearning/adapt_framework/wiki/Core-model-attributes)), these will remain keyboard accessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ If the 'alternative text' is left empty, the image will *not* be included in the tab order. If the component is configured to display [title or body text]((https://github.com/adaptlearning/adapt_framework/wiki/Core-model-attributes)), these will remain keyboard accessible.
```

>**attribution** (string): Optional text to be displayed as an [attribution](https://wiki.creativecommons.org/Best_practices_for_attribution). By default it is displayed below the image. Adjust positioning by modifying CSS. Text can contain HTML tags, e.g., `Copyright © 2015 by <b>Lukasz 'Severiaan' Grela</b>`  

## Accessibility
+ Alternative text, the text equivalent for an image. It is read by screen readers allowing the content of the image to be accessible to those with visual or certain cognitive disabilities. Leave the alt text empty (`"alt": ""`) if the image does not contribute significant course content.  
+ If the alt text is left empty, the image will *not* be included in the tab order. If the component is configured to display [title or body text]((https://github.com/adaptlearning/adapt_framework/wiki/Core-model-attributes)), these will remain keyboard accessible.

### Providing good alt text

> + Be specific and succinct. Describe what you see. A few words will usually be enough, but charts and diagrams will likely require more thought. Bear in mind that screen readers may cut-off alt text at around 125 characters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Be specific and succinct. Describe what you see. A few words will usually be enough, but charts and diagrams will likely require more thought. Bear in mind that screen readers may cut off alt text at around 125 characters.
```
Grammar 👮.
